top 30 question interview javascript:-




promise promise.all()  promise.trace() type  race method in promise
callback
prototype
call bind apply
es6 14 example
curry
closer
array function method ?
first class function
29.What is a first order function
pure function
27.High order function?
advantage of JavaScript
3.  What is an undefined and undeclared variable? 
24. What is DOM? What is the use of a document object?
31. What is the 'Strict' mode in JavaScript and how can it be enabled?
33. What is hoisting? 	What is the Temporal Dead Zone
What is a polyfill
What is IIFE(Immediately Invoked Function Expression)
What is scope in javascript
cookies token  
What is a service worker session
undefined vs null vs nan
What is the use of preventDefault method
What is an anonymous function
what is class object oops method
What is a constructor method
What is the difference between Shallow and Deep copy




what is a anonymous function.
that function without name its call anonymous function.
does not own identity

express vs statement
Expression:-
An Expression is something which evaluates to a value, or which produce a value
or the value itself

statement:-
A bigger piece of code that is executed and which does not produce a value on
itself.



dom:- Document Object Model  :-
Structured representation of HTML document.
DOM allows JavaScript to access HTML elements and styles to manipulate i.e.
change text, HTML attributes, and even CSS styles

We will make JavaScript interact with the Webpage, Technically that is called
DOM manipulation


undefined vs null 
Undefined is the default value of something which has never been assign

null:-
Null is quite similar to undefined but it is not a default value of anything, you can


Scope Concepts
 Scoping: So scoping controls how our program's variables are organized and
accessed by the JavaScript engine.
So basically scoping asks the question, where do variables live?
Or where can we access a certain variable and where not?
 Lexical Scoping: means that the way variables are organized and accessed is entirely
controlled by the placement of functions and of blocks in the programs code
Ex: A function that is written inside another function has access to the variables of
the parent function.
 Scope: Scope is the space or environment in which a certain variable is declared.
Global, Function and Block Scope
 Scope of a variable: Entire region of our code, where a certain variable can be
accessed.

Callback:-
Callback hell is when we have a lot of nested callbacks in order to execute
asynchronous tasks in sequence.


doubt ?

scope practical example let const var function use
hosting

Lexical Scoping
we can access variable of parent function inside function that is call Lexical scoping




/////
top 10 question answer practical right

Immediately Invoked Functions Expressions (IIFE)
 Sometimes in JavaScript, we need a function that is only executed once. And then
never again..
 So basically a function that disappears right after it's called once.
 These are immediately invoked